docs: task class: improve_docs — add free-tier alert silencing/disabling (#22567)
netdata/netdata: docs/dashboards-and-charts/alerts-tab.md

    - Create a new [silencing rule](/docs/alerts-and-notifications/notifications/centralized-cloud-notifications/centralized-cloud-notifications-reference.md#alert-notification-silencing-rules).

>     - Ask AI to troubleshoot the alert.
> 
> :::note
> 
> Cloud silencing rules require a paid Netdata Cloud plan. Community plan users can silence or disable individual alerts at the Agent level at no cost by editing alert configuration. For example, set `to: silent` in the alert's `health.d/*.conf` file to stop notifications, or use `enabled alarms = !alert_name *` in `netdata.conf` to exclude specific alerts entirely. After making changes, reload health configuration. See [manual configuration](/src/health/REFERENCE.md) for step-by-step instructions.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note

Cloud alert silencing rules are available on Netdata Cloud for Community and Paid plans (anonymous access cannot create rules).

Users can also silence or disable alerts at the Agent level by editing alert configuration. For example, set `to: silent` in the alert's `health.d/*.conf` file and run `sudo netdatacli reload-health` to stop notifications, or use `enabled alarms = !alert_name *` in `netdata.conf` to exclude specific alerts entirely (requires restarting the Agent). See [manual configuration](/src/health/REFERENCE.md) for step-by-step instructions.

:::
```
